But his mother is a mortal
Why did his cultivation suddenly increase?
Cultivation surge
Wait, when I was fighting him
Perceived his breath, pure to the sun
Could it be
He is an immortal reincarnated in the cycle of human calamity
Hahahahaha
It turned out to be a fairy reincarnated through calamities
If I could swallow his cultivation
Wouldn't it be possible to obtain the Tao and ascend to immortality?
Then I'll see who can do what to me
That being said
But this Zhang Shoucheng's strength is extraordinary
How do we do this?
Well, it happens to be my father's 60th birthday party in a few days.
My father happened to be abroad and couldn't come back
Why don't you appear at the birthday party in place of my father?
As long as my Qin family sends an invitation letter
Forgive the Qi family and Zhang Shoucheng for not being able to make it
Good way hahahaha
As long as they drink my tea with centipede blood
Water they must die
Or senior brother, are you smart?
Ha ha.
Then I'll be your secretary
Attend the birthday banquet
Just waiting for them to fall into my net